Hello,
Thank you for the code review! While I was able to understand some your suggestions, about some I was still doubtful, and so I've created
this file since its easier to write a reply here.

User.java
This was the problem I faced a couple of assignments back. If I write it like this:

        int id=0;
        Constructor(){
            id += 1;
        }

   This will make the uid of every object to be '1'. And if I make the id variable static, then it'd still be same for every object that
gets created but its value would change to 'n'(?). So I created a static variable and named it total, and its value keeps on increasing by 1
when an object gets created. 'id' stores the value of the total object at the particular time of when the object got created.

UserRepository.java
1. I declared it hashmap from the very beginning because I thought I'd be able to use some of its  methods to make the code simpler.
I noticed a few assignments back that when declare a variable using interface, we can't use the methods which are unique to the class
implementing it. But since, I didn't use any of its methods I have corrected my mistake.

2. Is userMap a good name?

UserRegistrationExample.java
This was the part I was most confused about. I have moved the main function to a new class. Should I remove the if and else statements
and add them to a function too? I generally create a separate function for switch statements when a particular case gets too big and becomes
complex to understand. Rest the validating functions like "isValidEmail" and "isEmailTaken" are in different file now.

I have also changed the printMapValue function as you've suggested along with HashMap getting replaced by Map allover the project.



Can Do section
I cannot really think of any other datastructures. I chose Hashmap as the datastructures to store the users because I thought it'd the best
way to store them considering we bind every user object to a key. One thing that I could definitely do is to change the key in the Map
to email of the user rather than the user's uid. When I created uid, I thought it was only natural to keep it as the key for the Map.
As of now it works like a list because we have iterated through the map and then check if the email matches or not. The benefit of using Map
is that we can use the key to find the user.
If I had kept email as the key, I'd just have to find the value using the key and then return that or User not  found.

I think the highest time complexity of the functions would O(n) because there's only 1 loop at max.

Thank you again for the code review! It really helped me realise the mistakes I've made!
